QuakeMDL: Use PBR lighting and fix texture interpolation (#2135)
f3d-app/f3d: doc/user/SUPPORTED_FORMATS.md

### QuakeMDL

> - Models texture are loaded with a simple PBR lighting with a BaseIOR set to 1.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Models texture are loaded with a simple PBR lighting with a BaseIOR set to 1.0 (diffuse color only, no specular).
```

> - Models texture are loaded with a simple PBR lighting with a BaseIOR set to 1.0 (diffuse color only, no specular).

Author: ```suggestion
- Models texture are loaded with a simple PBR lighting (diffuse color only, no specular, index of refraction set to 1.0).
```
